Smallville Arrival
Based on a novelisation by Michael Taitelbaum
Arrival
Chapter 1 A child arrives
1989 Smallville, Kansas, USA
Suddenly the sky was dark
There were hundreds of meteors in the sky
They went faster and faster
There was a very small spaceship in the centre of the meteors
There was one person in this spaceship
A child
Nothing happened in Smallville
It was a small town in Kansas
And it was a very boring place
Then one day everything changed
Lionel Luther arrived from Metropolis in his helicopter
He was a rich man
But he was not a nice man
He loved money, not people
His young son Lex sat next to him
Lex was nine years old
He had red hair and blue eyes
His face was white
And his eyes were closed
He was very frightened
Lex shouted his father
Open your eyes now
I can't
Lex said
I hate this helicopter
Luther's aren't frightened of anything
Lionel said
Look out of the window now
Lex slowly opened his eyes and looked down
I'm going to die
He thought
Two men waited for the helicopter in the car park of an old factory
The men were brothers
Dale and Bill Ross
Why does Lionel Luther want to buy our factory?
Ask Dale
I don't know, said Bill
But we need his money
He isn't going to change anything
He told us that
And I believe him
Jonathan Kent and his wife Martha
went into a shop on Main Street
Their faces were brown from the sun
And their jeans were old
They lived on a farm
Afternoon, Nell
Jonathan said
Hello, Jonathan
Nell said
She smiled at him
She liked Jonathan
Hello, Martha
She said
She didn't smile at Martha
She didn't like her
I'd like some tulips
Said Martha
Red tulips, please
There was a little girl in the shop
She was very pretty with dark hair
She was three years old
Hello, Lana
Said Martha
Where are your mum and dad today?
They're at the homecoming game
Nell said
Here are your tulips
She gave them to Jonathan
In the street
Martha said sadly
Oh, Jonathan
I looked at Lana's little face
And I
She stopped
I know Martha
Said Jonathan
We both want a child
The meteors came closer and closer
At the factory
Lex was bored
He walked away into a cornfield
Next to the factory
Lionel Luther read the papers
Where do I put my name?
He asked the Ross brothers
He smiled
The factory was his now
Alone in the field
Lex suddenly heard something
Help me
What was it?
Then he heard it again
Help me
He walked through the corn
And suddenly
There was a scarecrow
Lex was frightened
That scarecrow can talk
He thought
But then it wasn't a scarecrow
It was a teenage boy
The boy was on a big wooden pole
He had no shirt
There was a big red S on the front of his body
Help me
Please
He said one more time
Boom
A big meteor
Crashed into the cornfield
Lex ran
A car
Stopped opposite Nell's shop on Main Street
Nell took little Lana in her arms
And walked out of the shop
Lewis and Laura Lang were in the car
Lana saw them
Mommy, daddy
She shouted
Nell looked up
And saw a big meteor in the sky
Doom
The meteor crashed into the Lang's car
Lana's parents were dead
Lionel Luther ran across the cornfield
Lex, where are you?
He shouted
He saw some red hair on the ground
Then he found his son
Lex was on the ground
He was very frightened
But where was his beautiful red hair?
He was nine years old
And he now had no hair at all
Jonathan and Martha Kent were on their way home
Suddenly, a meteor hit the road behind them
What was that, Jonathan?
Asked Martha
What's happening?
Boom!
A spaceship crashed into the road in front of them
Jonathan tried to stop the car
But it crashed into a cornfield
When they opened their eyes
They saw a boy
He was about three years old
And he had no clothes
The boy pulled Jonathan's car door
It opened
Then he pulled Martha's car door
It opened too
Martha and Jonathan were very surprised
They were soon out of the car
Martha took the boy in her arms
Are you okay?
Asked Jonathan
Yes, I'm fine
You? said Martha
But yes, children don't fall from the sky
Jonathan said
Then, where did he come from?
Martha asked
I don't think his mum and dad are from Kansas
We can't keep him, Martha
Said Jonathan
What can we say to people?
We found him in a cornfield?
We didn't find him, Jonathan
Said Martha
He found us
Chapter 2
Special and Different
Jonathan and Martha took the boy home to their farm
They named him Clark
They didn't tell him about his arrival
They didn't tell other people either
If someone asked, they said
He's Martha's sister's son
She died
They didn't want Clark to be different from other children
But he was different
He was special
He was very strong
He was very fast
Nothing hurt him
When he was eight
A big milk can hit his head
It didn't hurt him
2001, Smallville, Kansas, USA
Clark sat at his computer
Every morning he used the internet
He wanted to find stories about special people
Very strong people
Very fast people
Clark Kent, Martha called
You're going to be late for the bus
Okay, I'm coming
Shouted Clark
He put on his school clothes and shoes
Cleaned his room and put his school books in his bag
All in one minute
Martha came into his room with some clothes
You can wear these to the homecoming dance this weekend
She said
I'm not going, Mum
Said Clark
I haven't got a girl to go with
Did you ask anyone?
Martha asked
No, he said
He ran down to the kitchen
What's that letter, son?
Ask Jonathan
It's for the football team
Said Clark
They want some new players
You can't do it
Said Jonathan
Oh, please Dad
Said Clark
I can run slowly
I can be careful
I'm sorry Clark
Said Jonathan
But the answer is no
I don't want to be different
Shouted Clark
I can never do normal things
People at school think I'm a loser
He ran out of the door
We must tell him about the spaceship
Martha said to Jonathan
Clark walked to the bus stop
He was late again
The school bus drove off without him
Oh no, he said
Everything's going wrong today
Suddenly
He smiled a big smile
He turned and ran through the field
At a hundred kilometers an hour
The bus arrived at school
Clark's friends Pete Ross and Chloe Sullivan were on it
Chloe was new in Smallville
Her dad worked at Luther Corps
She wrote for the school newspaper
And took photos for it
She was always ready with her camera
Are you going to the dance with anyone?
Pete asked Chloe
No, not yet
Said Chloe
Well, if Clark doesn't ask you
I'm not interested in Clark Pete
She said
Right
Said Pete
He knew that wasn't true
Well, we can go to the dance together if you want
He said
Not boy and girl
Friend and friend
Suddenly Clark was there
Hi you too
He said
Pete and Chloe were very surprised to see their friend
We saw you at your farm
Chloe said
You weren't on the bus
I came a different way
Said Clark
Are you ready for the football team Clark?
Asked Pete
I'm not going to do it
Said Clark
But Clark said Pete
Do you want to be the scarecrow?
The scarecrow
Chloe said loudly
What's the scarecrow?
Shh
Said Pete
This happens here every year Chloe
Before the homecoming game
The football players choose someone
A loser
They take him to the cornfield
And take all his clothes
Then they write a big red S on the front of his body
And they put him on a big wooden pole
Said Clark
So
He's a scarecrow
How terrible
Said Chloe
Then Clark saw a beautiful girl
With long brown hair and a lovely smile
See you later
He said to his friends
Clark walked across to Lana Lang
He was a meter from her
Suddenly he crashed to the ground
His books went everywhere
Why does this always happen near Lana?
He thought
Is it because I like her?
Hi Clark
Are you okay?
She asked
Hi Lana
He said
Yeah
I'm fine
She gave his books to him
You're reading Nietzsche, huh?
Are you man or Superman?
I don't know
Clark said
They smiled
Lana
shouted Whitney Fordman
A tall good looking student
He was Lana's boyfriend
Whitney was fantastic at sports
He was in all the school teams
He ran up and kissed Lana
They walked away together
Chapter 3
Two terrible shocks
A student looked at the photos of the school sports teams
He looked at the 1989 photo
You're late for your class young man?
Said a student
He looked at the 1989 photo
You're late for your class young man?
Said a student
A class young man?
Said a teacher behind him
The student turned
What's your name?
Asked the teacher
Are you new?
Suddenly the student hit the teacher in the face
A big blue electric shock
Went from the student's hand
Into the teacher's body
The teacher crashed into the wall
The student took the photo of the three happy football players
And left the school
I'm gonna get you
He thought
Lex Luthor drove his Porsche through the country
To the Luther Court factory in Smallville
The Smallville factory doesn't make any money
Lionel Luthor said to his son
Go to Smallville
Make changes
So Lex left Metropolis
And here he was
In the centre of nowhere
Great
Lex arrived at Luther Court
He was 21 years old
And he still had no hair
He walked into the factory
A man sat at a desk with his lunch
Mr. Luthor, the man said surprised
My name's Gabe Sullivan
Call me Lex
The workers aren't happy Lex
Said Gabe
They're frightened about their jobs
It's okay, said Lex
I want everyone to stay
But your father said
I'm not my father
Said Lex Luthor
Later, Lex drove down a small country road
At a hundred kilometers an hour
His car radio played loud music
Not far away, Clark was on a bridge
He looked into the water
He thought about his life
And he wasn't happy
He didn't hear Lex Luthor's car
Lex answered his mobile phone
He didn't look at the road for a minute
He drove onto the bridge
Then he saw Clark
He tried to stop the car
But Clark was right in front of him
I'm going to hit him
Lex thought
Their eyes met
Lex's car crashed into Clark
Boom
The car and Clark went over the bridge
And into the water
Clark's eyes closed
And everything went black
Chapter 4
The green necklace
Under the water
Clark opened his eyes
He was okay
He wasn't hurt
Then he remembered the car
The car
He found the car with Lex in it
Lex's eyes were closed
Clark pulled open the door
And pulled Lex out
He took him in his arms
And started to swim
When Clark put Lex on the ground
He thought he was dead
Clark put his left hand on Lex's body
Then he put his right hand over his left
One, two, one, two
One, two
Come on, don't die
He said
Some water came out of Lex's mouth
He opened his eyes
And saw Clark
He was very surprised
But I hid you
He said
Well, I'm not dead
Said Clark
Clark looked at the bridge
A car hit me
At a hundred kilometers an hour
I'm not hurt
I am not normal
He thought
The police and the doctor arrived
Then Jonathan Kent arrived too
Jonathan put his arms around Clark
Are you okay, son?
He asked
I'm fine, Dad
Said Clark
I'm Jonathan Kent
This is my son
Jonathan told a policeman
Who was the stupid driver of the car?
I was
Said Lex Luther
You have a very special son, Mr Kent
He said
You saved my life, Clark
How can I thank you?
Drive more slowly
Said Jonathan
After dinner that night
Clark went up to his special room in the barn
He looked at the night sky
Then he looked over at the farmhouse next to the Kent's farm
The front door opened
And Lana Lang came out
Clark smiled
But then Whitney came out
Whitney put his arms around Lana
Are you alone tonight?
He asked
Yes, aren't now that Lex Luther's said Lana
Did you hear about Clark?
She said
He saved Lex's life today
Clark, Whitney said
Clark Kent
Yes, said Lana
Sometimes people can surprise you
Whitney didn't want to talk about Clark
He wanted to talk about Whitney
I've got a game on Saturday
He said
Some important people are going to be there
That's great
Lana said
Whitney wanted to be a top football player
It was his dream
She gave her green necklace to him
The necklace was part of a meteor
A special meteor
This meteor hit Lana's parents car
I can't take this Lana
Whitney said
It means everything to you
Keep it just for the game
She said
He put it in his jacket
Then he kissed her
Chapter 5
The true story
Tony Carrozza had a job at a car place
It was evening
It was almost time to go home
A boy came into the shop
I'm sorry
Said Tony
We're closed
The boy said nothing
Tony looked at him carefully
I know you
He said
You were that scarecrow years ago
What happened to you?
Why aren't you older?
The boy still said nothing
Answer me stupid
Said Tony
I'm talking to you
The boy suddenly hit Tony in the face
A big blue electric shock went from his hand
Into Tony Carrozza's body
Tony crashed onto the floor
He didn't move
On the wall
There was a photo of three happy football players
The boy smiled
And left the shop
It was the day after the car crash
When Clark walked into school
Every student said
Nice work Clark
Am I at the right school?
Clark asked Pete and Chloe
You saved Lex Luthor's life, said Chloe
This is going in the school newspaper
My dad hates the luthas
Said Pete
Yes, but Lionel Luthor bought your dad's factory
Not Lex
Said Clark
When Clark arrived home on the farm that afternoon
He found a new red car in front of the house
There was a letter on the car
Clark opened it
Thank you Clark
He read
I hope you like Red
Clark looked at the car
He was very excited
You can't keep it Clark
Jonathan said
Why not?
Because the luthas aren't good people
They're rich thanks to Smallville
They bought our friends houses and their farms
Lex's father did all that, said Clark
Not Lex
I'm sorry Clark
Jonathan said
I know you're angry
Angry, shouted Clark
You have no idea
He ran up to his room in the barn
You must tell him now, Martha said
Jonathan went to Clark's room
He put his arms around his son
I'm going to tell you the story of the day of the meteors
He said
He gave Clark a picture
There were lots of letters and numbers on it
Was it a language?
I think this is from your mum and dad
He said
What does it say?
Clark asked
I have no idea, said Jonathan
They came from a different world
A different world, laughed Clark
So I arrived in a spaceship
And that's stupid
Do you want to see that spaceship?
Ask Jonathan
It's under the barn
When he saw the little spaceship
Clark was very angry
Why didn't you tell me this before?
He shouted
He ran out of the barn
Chapter 6
A quick kiss
Lana Lang looked at the words
Lewis Lang, 1957-1989
Laura Lang, 1959-1989
She heard something behind her
Who's there?
She called
It's me, it's Clark
He said
What are you doing here?
Lana looked at Clark
He was nice
Please don't tell anyone, she said
I come here to talk to my mum and dad
Is that stupid?
No, it isn't stupid
Clark said
Do you remember them?
Not very well, said Lana
They died when I was three
Do you want to meet them?
She sat on the ground
Mum, dad, this is Clark Kent
She said
Hi Mr. and Mrs. Lang
Said Clark
I'm sorry?
What's that?
He sat down and listened
Your mum says
You're never alone, Lana
He said
And your dad says
You're beautiful
Lana smiled
Thank you, Clark
She said
Can I walk home with you?
Ask Clark
Yes, thanks
Said Lana
When they arrived at Lana's house
She said
We talked for a long time tonight, Clark
It was nice
She kissed him quickly
Goodnight, Clark
She ran into the house
Clark was very happy
But there was someone at Lana's house
He saw the kiss
And he was very angry
It was Whitney Fordman
The next day before school
Clark drove the red car back to Lex Luthor's house
The house was big and old
The front door was open
Clark walked in
Hello, he shouted
Is anyone at home?
Clark said Lex
What are you doing here?
How's your new car?
I love it, said Clark
But I can't keep it
Why not?
You saved my life, Clark
I want to thank you
Lex said
Then he said
Oh, I get it
Your dad doesn't like me
Clark didn't say anything
It's okay, said Lex
I understand
It's not you, said Clark
He doesn't like your father
Thank you for the car, Lex
I'm sorry I can't keep it
I changed after that crash, said Lex
When I was under the water
I saw my life in Smallville in a new way
I can see now
This isn't the end of my old life in Metropolis
It's the start of my new life here
So thank you, Clark
I hope we can be friends for a long time
Chapter 7
This year's Scarecrow
When school finished that afternoon
Chloe and Pete went into town
There were people and police cars in front of one of the shops
And a man was on the ground
What happened here?
Ask Chloe
It's Freddy Post
He had a big electric shock, said a man
Chloe turned to Pete
He's the third one this week, she said
And here's something interesting
They were all in the school football team in 1989
Pete looked at the people by the body
He saw a teenage boy
Who's that boy? he asked
I don't know, said Chloe
She quickly took a photo of him
The two friends walked back to the school
And went to the newspaper room
I'm going to put this photo into the computer, she said
Can you find the 1989 year book, Pete?
A few minutes later, Pete sat next to Chloe with the book
Chloe, look, he said
This boy, twelve years ago
His name's Jeremy Creek
Chloe looked at the book and then at her photo
It's the same person, she said
And he's the same age
That's interesting
Chloe and Pete used the internet and wrote emails
They found old newspapers
I'm going to find Clark, said Pete
We must tell him about this
Pete came back with Clark
Clark looked at the two photos of Jeremy Creek
Jeremy had a big electric shock twelve years ago, said Chloe
He was in hospital for twelve years
A few days ago, he woke up and ran away
So, why is he back in Smallville, asked Clark?
Why is he giving electric shocks to people?
Because twelve years ago, Pete said
They put him on a pole in a field
He was that year's scarecrow
The meteor was crashed into Smallville that day, said Chloe
Oh no, thought Clark
All this happened because of me
That was the day of my arrival
He looked at a photo in one of the old newspapers
It was a little girl
She had a terrible look on her face
It said under the photo
Meteor hits mom and dad
So, what do you think Clark?
Ask Chloe
Clark knew that little face in the photo
Oh no, Lana
Why didn't you tell me about this before?
He shouted
I did this
He ran from the room
In front of the school, he met Whitney
Hi Clark, said Whitney
I'm looking for you
You're this year's scarecrow
Leave me alone, Whitney, said Clark angrily
Or I'm going to
You're going to what?
Said Whitney
Come on Clark, hit me
He took off his jacket
Clark moved nearer to Whitney
But he suddenly started to fall
He saw Lana's green necklace under Whitney's open t-shirt
What's between you and Lana?
shouted Whitney
You can have her necklace
He took off the necklace and put it on Clark
But you can't have Lana
I'm taking her to the dance tonight
Clark didn't feel well
He tried to move
And then everything went black
Whitney and two of his friends put him in a car
Jeremy Creek watched everything
And he remembered this day 12 years ago
Chapter 8
A big red S
Clark woke up
He was in a cornfield on a pole
He was very cold
It was night and it was October
He looked down
There was a big red S on the front of his body
He tried to move his arms
I can't move
What's wrong with me?
He thought
It's the necklace
Suddenly there was a boy in front of him
It hurts, said the boy
I remember that
Your Jeremy Creek said Clark
No, Jeremy Creek died 12 years ago
Said the boy
He started to walk away
Where are you going?
Asked Clark
To the school dance
Said Jeremy
I didn't go in 1989
Please help me
Said Clark
No, Jeremy said
You stay here
I don't want to hurt you
Jeremy walked down the road
Lex Luthor drove by and saw him
I know that boy
He thought
But how?
From where?
He stopped the car
Then he remembered the field 12 years ago
The boy on the pole
The big red S
He got out of the car
And went into the field
Help me
He heard
Help me please
It's not possible
Lex thought
Then he saw him
Clark, he shouted
Lex helped Clark
Clark pulled off the necklace
You need a doctor Clark
Lex said
Without the necklace
Clark was suddenly Clark again
He didn't need a doctor
I'm okay
Thanks Lex
He said
He found his clothes and ran into the night
Lex saw the necklace on the ground
He put it in his jacket
And walked back to his car
At the school dance
The band played
Everyone danced
Jeremy Creek didn't dance
He was behind the school building
He opened the door of a large box
Water, it said
They're all going to die now
He thought
Suddenly Clark was behind him
Stop this now Jeremy
He said
You said Jeremy
What are you doing here?
You're not going to hurt my friends
Said Clark
You don't understand
Said Jeremy
I'm doing this for you and the others
No more scarecrows
No Jeremy
Stop it
Said Clark
Jeremy hit Clark in the face
But he had a surprise
Clark wasn't hurt
There was a car next to Jeremy
He opened the door and started it
He drove at Clark
Clark put his arms in front of him
But Jeremy didn't stop
Clark was on the front of the car
When it hit the water box
There was water everywhere
It gave Jeremy a big electric shock
His body was blue
Then everything was quiet
Clark pulled the car door
It opened
Are you okay?
He asked
Who are you?
Asked Jeremy
I want to go home
Clark watched the end of the homecoming dance
Lana and Whitney danced in the centre of the room
Then they kissed
A long kiss
Clark was sad
He turned and left
There were three cars in a line in the car park
That's Whitney's car and his friend's cars
Clark thought
He had an idea
He took one car
And put it on top of another one
Then he took the third car
And put it on top of the other two
He waited
When students came out and saw the cars
They laughed
Then Whitney came out
With his arm around Lana
He saw his car
Who did this to my car?
He shouted angrily
Everyone laughed
And Lana smiled
I want to go home
Epilogue
Thanks for the dance
Clark
Called Jonathan when he came home
Lex was here
This is for you
He gave Clark a small box
And a letter
Lana's necklace was in the box
Clark read the letter
I found this necklace in the cornfield, Clark
We're friends now
So please keep this box
My mother gave it to me many years ago
It's very special
Lex
Clark opened the box and saw the necklace
He didn't feel well
He closed the box again
And he was okay
It was a special box
I must remember that
He thought
Hello Clark
It was Lana in his room in the barn
Lana, he said, surprised
What are you doing here?
You didn't come to the dance, she said
She walked up to him and put her arms around him
Let's dance now
They danced to the music
Clark closed his eyes
Suddenly he heard a car
He opened his eyes
Lana wasn't there
It was a daydream
He looked through the window
A car arrived at Lana's house
The necklace
Clark took it to Lana's house
He put it on her front door
He was back in his room
Before Lana opened the car door
He moved faster than the wind
And nobody saw him
When Lana arrived at her front door
She saw the necklace
She took it and put it on
Oh Whitney, you are fantastic
She thought
Goodnight Lana
Clark said quietly
Thanks for the dance